Update about.md (#2047)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: pages/about.md

The ACT Rules Community Group (ACT-R) achieves this by bringing together the people developing, implementing and using various accessibility testing tools and methodologies to document interpretations as test rules. Test rules are defined using the ACT Rules Format, and reviewed by the community. The process of researching, documenting, and sharing knowledge from different perspectives within the group, builds towards a common understanding. By publishing such test rules, ACT-R hopes to motivate organizations to share their own insights, and adopt commonly agreed test rules.

> ACT-R is not set up to remove differences or impose changes on accessibility testing tools and methodologies. There is value in innovation and diverse approaches. Rather it aims to contribute to more consistent results, regardless of how the testing is done. Knowing when something meets a requirement, and when it does not, should be clear and consistent. The tests provide code examples that are intended to show a pass/fail or not applicable test. They are not intended to be used as how to code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACT-R is not set up to remove differences or impose changes on accessibility testing tools and methodologies. There is value in innovation and diverse approaches. Rather it aims to contribute to more consistent results, regardless of how the testing is done. Knowing when something meets a requirement, and when it does not, should be clear and consistent. The tests provide code examples that are intended to show a minimal pass/fail or not applicable test. They are not intended to be showcase "good" HTML code.
```

> ACT-R is not set up to remove differences or impose changes on accessibility testing tools and methodologies. There is value in innovation and diverse approaches. Rather it aims to contribute to more consistent results, regardless of how the testing is done. Knowing when something meets a requirement, and when it does not, should be clear and consistent. The tests provide code examples that are intended to show a minimal pass/fail or not applicable test. They are not intended to be showcase "good" HTML code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACT-R is not set up to remove differences or impose changes on accessibility testing tools and methodologies. There is value in innovation and diverse approaches. Rather it aims to contribute to more consistent results, regardless of how the testing is done. Knowing when something meets a requirement, and when it does not, should be clear and consistent. The tests provide code examples that are intended to show a minimal pass/fail or not applicable test. They are not intended to showcase "good" HTML code.
```

Author: Ack - too early for my brain! Thanks :)
